Nupur Prajapati:sir will you plz explain..what should be the monopoly criteria that one can have in order to set up any type of business?
NIKITA DWIVEDI:what is current market cenerio ,?
Favz Y K:So pure monopoly will bring high profit right?
Bishnu Prasad Nayak:if repo rates are completely influenced by central bank then is it not very unfair situation for normal banks(in case a reverse repo takes place)????
ks srinath:​how the current market structure influence Automobile Industry ?
Sandeep Kaur:what is oligopoly?
Divyanshu Gupta:how degree of elasticity affect the market structure
Awnish maurya:Sir, Internet warm first major worldwide computer. or software malicious.
sunny suman:define financial system.
atul gupta:why the corporate bond do not pay coupons?
Naved Hasan:sir Comparing opportunity costs of production is called what?
Sachi Sahu:How macroeconomics deals with fiscal and Monterey policy?
MEWAR UNIVERSITY TECHNICAL UNIVERSITY:how can I improve my financial literacy?
ks srinath:​​how the current market structure influence Automobile Industry ?
raj mankar:Sir, There is request ,Regarding financial literacy, what are the pre-requsites to be completed, so that i can understand lectures easily?
Md Noorruddin:Why do we need Competition Commission?
【Rajmaha sangram official】:what is the advantages of this type of certificate.........
Favz Y K:Companies like KFC produce there own unique item.so we can say it as pure monopoly?
Mercy T Panmei:What are the effects of Economies of Scale in the long run
GEO JACOB:can you explain expansionary monitary policy.
Md Noorruddin:what is the difference between US model and UK model?
sunny suman:How is the financial instruments are integral parts of the financial system?
NIKITA DWIVEDI:what are the instruments of money market
Halash Yadav:what is the levered institutions
Awnish maurya:what is pure monopoly?
Md Noorruddin:why do we need regulated industries?
smrati singh:what are the effect of economies of scale in short run?
Aman Tripathi:what are the basis of deciding repo rate ????
Arushi manikpuri:what is imperfect competition
Awnish maurya:Sir, pure monopoly who firm's profits will be highest under?
Sandeep Kaur:how GDP can be increased by lowering tax?
GEO JACOB:sir, can you explain expansionary monitary policy...
Anjali Maheshwari:what are the basic principles of microeconomics..??
Md Noorruddin:How to break the cartel?
Ankur Jain:what is monospony???????
Shamama Athar:what is coupon and what is ts significance?
Md Noorruddin:why do we need regulated industries?
Ankur Jain:explain fiscal policy??
Aman Tripathi:what are the basis of deciding repo rate
Shamama Athar:what is the need to make cartel?
Md Noorruddin:How can we regulate any industry?
souravyadav1:sir, how cartel can be broken in the sectors like telecome bz we cannot apply the lowering of import duty concept ?
Bishnu Prasad Nayak:in some text books on microeconomics there is graph of demand and supply that are based on producer and consumer theory. how do these graphs are interpreted-because they are all over the book.
smrati singh:who pay the coupons?
samishtha thakur:sir u told in the beggening that ...we need to understand economy coz decision making will be easier then.....but which type of decision do we common people make....
NIKITA DWIVEDI:describe about telecom industry
Shivam Dwivedi:how elasticity of demand affect market structure
Bittu Shukla:sir will u please ellaborate the angle of incidence under marginal cost???
KISHWER JAHAN:how banks are levered institution?
ENGINEER VIRAT:sir please explain about stock exchange
