sir will you plz explain..what should be the monopoly criteria that one can have in order to set up any type of business?
what is current market cenerio?
So pure monopoly will bring high profit right?
if repo rates are completely influenced by central bank then is it not very unfair situation for normal banks(in case a reverse repo takes place)????
how the current market structure influence Automobile Industry ?
what is oligopoly?
how degree of elasticity affect the market structure
Sir, Internet warm first major worldwide computer. or software malicious.
define financial system.
why the corporate bond do not pay coupons?
sir Comparing opportunity costs of production is called what?
How macroeconomics deals with fiscal and Monterey policy?
how can I improve my financial literacy?
how the current market structure influence Automobile Industry ?
Sir, There is request ,Regarding financial literacy, what are the pre-requsites to be completed, so that i can understand lectures easily?
Why do we need Competition Commission?
what is the advantages of this type of certificate.........
Companies like KFC produce there own unique item.so we can say it as pure monopoly?
What are the effects of Economies of Scale in the long run
can you explain expansionary monitary policy.
what is the difference between US model and UK model?
How is the financial instruments are integral parts of the financial system?
what are the instruments of money market
what is the levered institutions
what is pure monopoly?
why do we need regulated industries?
what are the effect of economies of scale in short run?
what are the basis of deciding repo rate ????
what is imperfect competition
Sir, pure monopoly who firm's profits will be highest under?
how GDP can be increased by lowering tax?
sir, can you explain expansionary monitary policy...
what are the basic principles of microeconomics..??
How to break the cartel?
what is monospony???????
what is coupon and what is ts significance?
why do we need regulated industries?
explain fiscal policy??
what are the basis of deciding repo rate
what is the need to make cartel?
How can we regulate any industry?
sir, how cartel can be broken in the sectors like telecome bz we cannot apply the lowering of import duty concept ?
in some text books on microeconomics there is graph of demand and supply that are based on producer and consumer theory. how do these graphs are interpreted-because they are all over the book.
who pay the coupons?
sir u told in the beggening that ...we need to understand economy coz decision making will be easier then.....but which type of decision do we common people make....
describe about telecom industry
how elasticity of demand affect market structure
sir will u please ellaborate the angle of incidence under marginal cost???
how banks are levered institution?
sir please explain about stock exchange
